{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\info
{\author ella gray}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh14580\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 LANDING PAGE\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs26 \cf0 CODE GRAY\
We craft clean responsive code for web and mobile.\
\
\

\b\fs34 ABOUT PAGE
\b0\fs26 \

\b \

\b0 Hi! We\'92re Ella & Jon, currently based in NYC. Lorem opossum some more info here.
\b\fs32 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs34 \cf0 SELECT PROJECTS PAGE
\b0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rokkan.com redesign. Built a wordpress theme with custom fields and post types to handle all types of data. Languages used include HTML, SCSS, JavaScript, PHP.\
\
Thor Retail Advisors- Built a fully responsive static single page site with HTML, SCSS, and JavaScript. Main functionality includes several carousels, details modal for different properties with Google maps location, and user-triggered JavaScript events for toggling visibility of related information. With the site being JavaScript heavy and keeping accessibility in mind, I accounted for users with JavaScript turned off by providing all of the information in a graceful manner.\
\
Urban Decay- Built a custom Tumblr theme using Masonry js for the dynamic grid layout and an infinite scroll feature for loading additional posts when the user approaches the bottom of the page. Languages include HTML (in the Tumblr editor), CSS, and JavaScript.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WardVillageGateway:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wardvillagegateway.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 http://www.wardvillagegateway.com/}} Single page middleman site with a paged scrolling feature with defined sections rather than a free scroll. Each section has content sliding in from different sides for a unique experience as well as pieces to click to reveal more content. Residences data is served with a custom Rails CMS API I have contributed to. Site is also translated to Japanese using Middleman's i18n feature to provide translations sourced from YML files. Languages include Ruby, SCSS, HTML/Slim, CoffeeScript, YML.\
\
AEO:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aeowardvillage.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 http://www.aeowardvillage.com/}} Multi-page Middleman site that has both English and Japanese translations with Middleman i18n capability. Implemented a custom JavaScript DOM Router for executing page specific scripts to optimize page speed. Gulp Browserify is used for compiling CoffeeScript to a bundle file. Languages include HTML/SLIM, SCSS, CoffeScript, Ruby, YML.\
\
Equity One: \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.equityone.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 http://www.equityone.com/}} 12 page Ruby on Rails site with a custom CMS backend to manage all the content on the site. Page-specific JavaScript gets executed to help keep pages fast and light. SVG animations are used to help present snippets of the large amounts of data in a meaningful and clear way. I built a custom PDF generator using Prawn-rails to dynamically generate PDF's with the most current information with regards to a property. Languages include HTML/Slim, SCSS, CoffeeScript, Ruby.\
\
History Channel: Still in development, building an iOS app with Ionic and Cordova and Angular 1.5.0. Data is served from a Rails CMS API that can be updated by the client. Some functionality includes being able to search for historic events that has occurred on a given day for any year. Has online/offline detection to prevent the user from having a negative experience when trying to use the app offline. Static content in the app is translated to English, Italian, Swedish, and Polish using the Cordova Globalization Plugin. Languages include HTML, SCSS, and JavaScript.\
\
The Beekman: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thebeekman.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 http://thebeekman.com/}} Static single splash page using Middleman. Main functionality includes a dynamically generated carousel for each hotel room. Assets for each carousel are also loaded dynamically to keep initial page load weight down. Languages include HTML/Slim, SCSS, CoffeeScript, and Ruby.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs34 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 CONTACT US PAGE\
\

\b0\fs26 Please say hello! \
codegraydevs@gmail.com}